This week we completed milestones 3, 5, and 6, with only milestone 4 left to complete before spring break. 
We made several physical design changes, and substituted the Pixy cam for an IR sensor on the front of the robot.

#Milestones Completed and General Code Changes
Gabe and George worked to complete milestones 3 and 5, using a 90 degree turn to spin the robot after reaching a white border. We 
changed our code to include many more state based functions, to allow the robot to internally distinguish its different movements.
George also resolved the coding issue that caused the robot to continue spinning when the switch was off by adjusting the power
given to each servo. He also fixed the robots inability to use its sensors while backing up by replacing the delay with an additonal
state. We also added code to allow the robot to keep track of its time in the arena.

##OG Flappy Mcdoodle
We briefly discussed the underside flap mechanism yet to be installed, and a possible change in its logistics. 
The mechanics we had previously set up did not work in the way that we had hoped, and we may find a way to eliminate
the need for an underside flap to open entirely. This is something that will be explored after spring break.

##Front FLappy Mcdoodle
Gabe had originally proposed having a string be used to pull and release the front flappy of our robot. After discussing with Josh, we 
decided a minimal rotation servo with a gear mechanism may be a better solution, and Gabe looked into 3D printing the gear part. 
Since the Pixy cam has been historically unreliable in detecting and distinguishing blocks from the lines of the arena, we also
substituded the cam for an IR sensor resting on the front flap. George and Eliana further discussed the necessity for any encountered
blocks to be fully seen and detected by the IR, and we added a funnel to the front flap to help combat this issue.

##Other Issues Addressed
We discovered that all 4 blocks being dragged underneith our robot causes too much friction for the robot to move forward properly. 
Instead of purchasing higher power servos, Eliana and George discussed a possible solution of adding a small floor for the blocks to 
rest on once they have been confirmed as the correct color. This floor would be 3D printed, with a small bump for the blocks to go 
over that subsequently prevents them from sliding out from the tunnel they are in. This set up is ideal for completing milestone 4.

#3D Printer Plans
We plan on 3D printing many of the parts for the underside of our robot following spring break. Aside from the gear and tunnel floor 
already mentioned, this includes the axels for the servos, a mount for many of the sensors being used, and general parts for the underside.
We also plan on ordering a compas sensor.
