WEEK 6
This week we completed milestone 4, added a 3D printed gear, and made plans for a prototype 2 of our robot.

GEAR
We added the 3D printed gear Gabe had been working on, to turn the front flap of the robot. We used this to complete milestone 4. We discussed the possibility of having a separate bread board for separate power supply that could be to be potentially useful. This would be to combat power problems with servos, causing the newly implemented gear to sometimes get out of line when turning.

FLAPPY MCDOODLE
We again discussed the multiple options for how to sort the blocks underneith our robot. With the newly working flap in the front, it could be a possibility to allow the front IR sensor to sense which block is in the robots path, and then determine whether it should enter the robot at all. This would first check the color of the block in the front and let it in, so that our original check underneath the bot is now a second check. However,  in the case of two blocks are together in the front, this causes an issue. We had maybe wanted to figureout a way to only have one block go in at a time, but we don't want the robot to back up and start over every time two blocks.
Our orignal mechanism blue print changed to include the idea of pushing the incorrect block out- the opposite of our original idea to passively let bad blocks leave and use a servo to let good blocks in. Instead of swinign doors open if it's the correct color block, the door would always be opena nd pushing an incorrect block out before it can get inside. 
A shifting chamber rather than a sliding flap was also discussed, so that when the robot turns, a second block inside would not accidentally slip by. 

OTHER PLANS
We decided that we would like to order the compas sensor as a unique approach to helping the robot orient intself inside the arena.
Weight distribution when carrying the blocks was also planned to counteract a side heavy robot. We could sort to the side, but store in the center or curved underbelly as hypothesized before,
